Five
Hi Kay Cong weather forecast Lifestyle
One week is also a cold tomorrow is a big weekend did you get along geurya figured Hoon
I will not do it, but I do not know if Ah Team's thick fog gets on and fine dust.
You have to be careful.
Tomorrow , which is Saturday, the temperature of Nagoya- dell Seoul will rise to 7 2,
It looks pretty cold for the weather.
In the morning, however, it is not a place with deep fog around the inland area .
Please refer to those who plan to go out with Yoat Team.
There will be a place to stay and work during the day.
In addition to fine dust, you should pay attention to the rail. In the morning,
The concentration of fine dust in the jackpot shows lead or other organ .
Except the concentration of fine dust in the whole country will show occasionally.
On the last day of the weekend, the weather is warmer than usual even on Sundays,
Expected
From the nose to the first of it is good ,
Including the western part of the country begins to rain from midnight to midnight
It seems to be
db seems difficult to get until daytime
The central idea will rain from 5 to 20 mm.
There is a place where there is a mixture of rain in Kangwon mountain.
In addition, the southern region is slow at 10 hamsik southern coast of Jeju and local shuangjiang top
It is expected that rain of 50mm or more will be reduced
If you look at modern satellite images, the whole country looks almost clear.
But there are places where there are many places where there is a leaf
Even on someone else's tomorrow batdaga the influence of high pressure beomta best articles disorder
I will.
* Remember back tomorrow, we'll find out najeol rib
Central De La is usually around, but I will not give you a cloud since the evening.
Morning Gion Seoul Minhe 1 Degree Chungcheon Movie Automatic Radio Seoul Equipped 1007
I'll go up to the road.
I will not be calling from home appliances.
In the morning, Gangneung will be close to zero- eclipse.
Southern Gyeongsangbuk-do Gyeongsangbuk-do Gwangju Young-ha 1 degree Busan 3 degree day
The temperature is expected to be elevated to 10 degrees Busan 11 degrees
The waves of the sea will be more than 1 meter long and will be relatively long.
The East Sea and the South Sea are up to 2.5 meters high and will work somewhat higher.
For the time being, we will continue to come to the plane and warm weather will continue.
However, Yeongdong and Gyeongbuk East Coast, which are influenced by Dongfeng, are open from Tuesday to Friday
I'm going to react from 20 to 10 cm .
Especially in the mountainous area, it is worried about snowfall over 70cm.
Special attention should be paid to prevent damage to facilities.
Please send a happy weekend .